Solving Issue #1021 (#1047)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/clients/pop3-and-imap4/configure-mailbox-access.md

### Use the Exchange Management Shell to enable or disable POP3 or IMAP4 access to a mailbox

> To enable or disable POP3 or IMAP4 access to a single mailbox, first connect to Exchange Online powershell using [Connect to Exchange Online Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1) and then,  use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable or disable POP3 or IMAP4 access to a single mailbox, first connect to Exchange Online powershell using [Connect to Exchange Online Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1). Then use the following syntax:
```

> To enable or disable POP3 or IMAP4 access to a single mailbox, first connect to Exchange Online powershell using [Connect to Exchange Online Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1) and then,  use the following syntax:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable or disable POP3 or IMAP4 access to a single mailbox, first connect to Exchange Online PowerShell using [Connect to Exchange Online PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1). Then,  use the following syntax:
```

Author: Since Commit suggestion is grayed out, I opened another change via VS. to apply this change and resolve this conversation.

Author: Solved with 69b5f36

> ```Powershell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```PowerShell
```

Set-CasMailbox -Identity <MailboxIdentity> -PopEnabled <$true | $false> -ImapEnabled <$true | $false>
```

This example disables POP3 and IMAP4 access to the mailbox named John Smith.

> ```Powershell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```PowerShell
```

> ```Powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```PowerShell
```

Set-CasMailbox -Identity "John Smith" -PopEnabled $false -ImapEnabled $false
```

This example enables POP3and IMAP4 access to the mailbox named John Smith.

> ```Powershell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```PowerShell
```

### Use the Exchange Management Shell to enable or disable POP3 or IMAP4 access to multiple mailboxes

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >Before working with Exchange Management Shell it's required to have a connection with the Exchange Online Service from powershell, please use this steps to [Connect to Exchange Online Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Before working with Exchange Management Shell, it is required to have a connection with the Exchange Online Service from PowerShell. Use this link to [Connect to Exchange Online PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1).
```

### Use the Exchange Management Shell to restart the POP3 or IMAP4 services

>[!IMPORTANT]

> >Before working with Exchange Management Shell it's required to have a connection with the Exchange Online Service from powershell, please use this steps to [Connect to Exchange Online Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Before working with Exchange Management Shell, it is required to have a connection with the Exchange Online Service from PowerShell. Use this link to [Connect to Exchange Online Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell?view=exchange-ps#connect-to-exchange-online-powershell-1).
```

>
To restart the POP3 services, run the following command:

> ```Powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```PowerShell
```

Restart-Service MSExchangePOP3; Restart-Service MSExchangePOP3BE
```

To restart the IMAP4 services, run the following command:

> ```Powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```PowerShell
```

Restart-Service MSExchangeIMAP4; Restart-Service MSExchangeIMAP4BE
```

For more information about this cmdlet, see [Restart-Service](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=113385).

To verify that you've successfully restarted the POP3 or IMAP4 services, run the following command:

> ```Powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```PowerShell
```

- In the Exchange Management Shell, replace _\<MailboxIdentity\>_ with the identity of the mailbox (for example, name, alias, or email address), and run the following command:

>   ```Powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```PowerShell
```

  Get-CasMailbox - Identity <MailboxIdentity>
  ```

- Use the same filter that you used to identify the mailboxes, but use the **Get-CasMailbox** cmdlet instead of **Set-CasMailbox**. For example:

>   ```Powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```PowerShell
```

  Get-User -Filter {RecipientType -eq 'UserMailbox' -and Department -like 'Engineering*' -and StateOrProvince -eq 'WA'} | Get-CasMailbox
  ```

- In the Exchange Management Shell, run this command to show all mailboxes where POP3 and IMAP4 access is disabled:

>   ```Powershell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```PowerShell
```
